Tell the Empress to calm down.
The Emperor really stayed in the Nourishing Heart Palace all night yesterday.
He didn’t come out at all.
Please calm down, Your Highness.
Nourishing Heart Palace.
That’s a treatment even I have never experienced.
Do you think the Emperor is tired of me?
Why would you think that, Your Highness?
When the Emperor first ascended the throne,
he made you a Consort
despite having to quarrel with the Empress Dowager and the officials.
Such an honor is unique to you.
That is true.
But what is the true background of the identity that Prince Duan gave me?
It has confused even the rules of the Qin family.
Yes, Your Highness.
You must not let an outsider's favor
drive a wedge between you and the Emperor.
It’s not worth it.
But last night, in front of so many people,
the Emperor embarrassed me.
Your Highness.
I actually think the Emperor was protecting you.
Protecting me? Are you blind?
He was clearly protecting Consort Rong.
Your Highness, listen to my analysis.
Previously, the Emperor argued with the officials and the Empress Dowager
over the selection of concubines.
The Emperor’s protection of you
increased their hatred towards you.
The Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet is approaching.
Now that the Emperor’s position is unstable,
if the Empress Dowager and the officials
strive to depose you,
even if the Emperor protects you,
it won’t help.
Yes, Your Highness.
Now, with the addition of Consort Rong,
the Empress Dowager and the officials’ attention will shift.
And I’ve specially inquired,
the Emperor spent the whole night in his robe.
He didn’t even touch Consort Rong.
It’s truly worth noting.
The dragon bone soup will be sent to the Nourishing Heart Palace today.
Rest assured, it will be delivered by the fifteenth day.
I will remember.
Go and bring me paper and ink.
The Emperor has indeed acted as you expected.
Consort Yan has been secretly sending messages outside the palace.
The person has already been secretly detained.
It seems they had already conspired together before entering the palace.
It appears Prince Duan has been secretly planning
during the past three years he was away.
Dispose of that person who is a threat.
Handle it cleanly.
Do not alert the enemy.